Last Updated: January 6th, 2005

IMMUNITY, INC.

SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (with the schedules annexed hereto, the "Agreement") is
made as of the day when registered on the download server between "Licensee",
the user of the software, whether corporate entity or individual, and
Immunity, Inc, "Licensor", a New York State based company with primary offices
at 650 West Ave, Suite 3103, Miami Beach FL, 33139. If the Licensee does not agree to
the terms described within this document, the Licensee is not authorized to
install, copy, or otherwise use the Software.

W I T N E S S E T H:

	WHEREAS, Licensor is in the business, among other things, of licensing the
	proprietary software more particularly described in Schedule "A" attached
	hereto and made a part hereof, which, together with the object code,
	registration key, documentation and other materials are collectively referred
	to herein as the "Software"; and

	WHEREAS, Licensor owns or has the license to all of the intellectual and other
	proprietary rights (including copyrights and trademarks) associated with the
	Software; and

	WHEREAS, Licensee wishes to obtain a license to use the Software for the
	purpose of facilitating Licensee's business; and

	WHEREAS, Licensor is willing to grant a non-exclusive license to Licensee to
	use the Software pursuant to the terms, conditions, and limitations
	hereinafter set forth.

	NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and obligations
	hereinafter contained, the parties have agreed as follows:

1.	Grant of License, Term

	1.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby
	grants to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable
	right and license (the "License") to access, download, install and use the
	Software on the licensed number of computers (identified in Schedule "A")
	solely for the uses as set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement. Only Full-Time
	Employees of Licensee are able to use this software, and only on Licensee 
	business.

	1.2 The term of the License granted herein shall be in perpetuity ("Term"),
	unless otherwise terminated pursuant with this Agreement.

	1.3 Licensor shall deliver to Licensee the Software and a copy of the
	documentation within 5 business days of the Effective Date.

2.	Scope and Use of License

	2.1 Licensee agrees that the License granted hereunder is limited to use the
	Software internally and only in connection with Licensee's business in
	accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

	2.2 Licensee shall not decompile, reverse compile, disassemble, decode or
	otherwise reverse engineer the Software. Licensee shall not modify or
	translate the Software or create any derivative works based on the Software.
	Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, Licensee shall not publish,
	distribute, market, rent, lease, sublicense or assign all or any portion of
	the Software. Porting CANVAS technology or exploits to another framework or
	product is a violation of this license. Using CANVAS or portions of CANVAS as
	part of another Product is a violation of this license. Using CANVAS,
	derivative works based on or partially on CANVAS, or knowledge gleaned from
	CANVAS source code as part of an automated scanning service for third parties
	or any similar product is in violation of this license.

	2.3 Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement if it has reason
	to believe Licensee is using the Software outside the scope of the License
	and Licensee fails to cure such default, and provide Licensor with
	appropriate documentation evidencing same, within five (5) days after being
	given written notice thereof.

	2.4 Licensee acknowledges that as between the Licensor and Licensee, Licensor
	is and shall remain the sole owner of the copyrights, patents, trademarks,
	and other intellectual and proprietary rights associated with the Software,
	including without limitation, programs, methods of processing, specific
	design and programming techniques contained therein and any corrections,
	fixes, enhancements, updates or other modifications to the Software, whether
	made by Licensor or any third party, as well as the goodwill associated
	therewith. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to convey to Licensee
	any ownership or proprietary rights therein and all such rights shall remain
	the sole and exclusive property of Licensor. Except as otherwise set forth
	herein, Licensee shall have no right, title or interest in or to the
	Software. Any rights not specifically granted herein are reserved to
	Licensor.
	
	2.5 If Licensee creates, distributes, sells, or otherwise produces a software
	product used for anti-virus or anti-malware protection then Licensee will not 
	include signatures for CANVAS files or programs within their product.

3.	Terms of Payment

3.1 In full consideration for the License, Licensee shall pay to Licensor the
fee (the "Fee"), in the amounts at the times and under the terms as set forth
in Schedule B.

	3.2 If any sums due remain outstanding more than ten (10) days from the date
	due, Licensor may assess, and Licensee shall pay, interest at the rate of
	7% percent per month on any outstanding balance due commencing on
	the 11th day from invoice date. Licensee may not withhold payment of any
	invoiced amount even if the subject to a good faith dispute. If any sums due
	remain outstanding more than ten (10) days from the invoice date, Licensor may
	suspend the License until any sums due are paid or may terminate the License
	pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 6.1.

	3.3 Licensee on demand shall pay or reimburse Licensor for all duties, sales
	taxes, other taxes and other charges relating to the Software, the License or
	payments hereunder imposed by the United States taxing authorities, with the
	sole exception of taxes on Licensor's income.

4.	Maintenance.  

	4.1 At Licensee's election, Licensor will provide maintenance support services
	to Licensee for an initial term of three (3) months from the Effective Date.
	Further maintenance support packages purchased from Licensor shall be
	considered under this license.

	4.2 If the Licensee elects to purchase maintenance support services, Licensor
	shall provide to Licensee back-end support services, including the
	identification of defective Software and providing corrections, workarounds
	and/or patches to correct defects or errors in such Software, except that
	Licensor shall have no obligation if Licensee makes any changes or
	modifications to the Software. In addition, Licensor shall provide Licensee
	with any error corrections and bug fixes to the Software simultaneously with
	its earliest release of such error corrections and bug fixes to other
	customers.

	4.3 If Licensee elects to purchase the maintenance services as described in
	Section 4.1, Licensee shall pay to Licensor the additional fee (the
	"Maintenance Fee"). Licensor may, in its sole discretion, increase the
	Maintenance Fee for any renewal term, provided Licensor gives Licensee not
	less than fourteen (14) days prior written notice.

5. 	Confidentiality

	For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" includes all trade
	secrets and confidential information of Licensor including the Software (both
	source and object code), and documentation, algorithms, development
	techniques, methodologies, formulae, business plans, research and development
	strategies, customer and prospect names and lists, work product resulting
	from or related to the Software, internal personnel, financial, marketing and
	other business information, and product and service prices, as well as
	know-how and proprietary information related to the foregoing, (collectively,
	the "Confidential Information"). Licensee acknowledges that (i) pursuant to
	this Agreement, Licensee may learn of Confidential Information or otherwise
	have access to Confidential Information, of Licensor (ii) such Confidential
	Information constitutes highly valuable information of Licensor not generally
	known by Licensor's competitors, and (iii) that disclosure of such
	Confidential Information to competitors of Licensor or other third parties
	would cause undue harm to Licensor. As such, except as otherwise expressly
	provided herein, Licensee will retain in strict confidence the Confidential
	Information and use its best efforts to protect the same by preventing
	unauthorized disclosure, copying, use, distribution, installation, or
	transfer of possession of the Confidential Information. If Licensee violates
	any of the provisions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to this
	Section 5, Licensor (in addition to any other and additional rights and
	remedies it may have at law, in equity, or by statute) shall be entitled to
	immediate and permanent injunctive relief, it being agreed that the damages
	that Licensor would sustain upon such violation are difficult or impossible
	to ascertain in advance. The posting of a bond shall not be required as a
	pre-condition to such injunctive relief.

6.      Reciprocal Grant of License

If Licensee sends Licensor patches, source codes, or other information, this
information, source codes, or similar, will be considered licensed to
Lincensor for distribution, sale, or inclusion with Immunity CANVAS. Licensee
hereby grants to Immunity and its assigns the irrevocable, permanent right to
conduct security testing (including, but not limited to the right to
disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer) on any software written or
distributed by Licensee and to distribute and otherwise use the results of
such testing. Licensee agrees that these rights superceed any and all licenses
including those distributed with Licensee's software as End User License
Agreements. This clause shall survive any termination of this, or any other,
license. Any information required to perform security testing or distribute
the results of security testing shall not be considered Confidential
information by the parties of this agreement. Any process conducted by
Licensee to perform security testing shall not be considered outside of
Licensee's rights. This superceeds other agreements which may be entered into
by Licensee or Licensor.
	
7.	Termination

	7.1. Licensor may terminate the License by written notice to Licensee upon
	the occurrence of any one or more of the following events: (a) if Licensee is
	in default of any payment required to be made by Licensee hereunder when due
	as herein provided and such default continues for a period of ten (10) days
	after Licensor's written notice thereof to Licensee; (b) immediately if
	Licensee shall have defaulted in observing or performing any covenant or
	agreement as set forth in Section 5 hereunder; or (c) any other violation or
	breach of the terms of this Agreement after thirty (30) days notice and the
	failure to cure (if such breach is capable of being cured). The provisions of
	such Section 2.3 shall govern any termination of this Agreement by Licensor
	for defaults by Licensee under Section 2.3 of this Agreement. In the event
	that the License is terminated, the maintenance services shall be deemed
	automatically terminated and Licensor shall have no obligation to refund to
	Licensee any portion of the Maintenance Fee.

	7.2. The provisions contained in paragraphs 2.3, 2.4, 5, 7, 8 & 11 shall
	survive the termination of this Agreement.
 
	7.3. After the termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall (i) have no
	further License or other rights with respect to the Software and (ii) return
	or destroy, if directed by Licensor, the Software including any and all
	back-up copies of the Software.

8.	Warranties; Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability

	THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING ALL INFORMATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CONTAINED
	THEREIN) IS PROVIDED "AS-IS", AND NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING
	IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
	AND NON-INFRINGEMENT), EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ARE MADE. LICENSOR (INCLUDING ITS
	OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS) SHALL NOT UNDER ANY
	CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
	PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, LOST DATA OR LOST PROFITS OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM
	THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDING BY REASON OF NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR BREACH
	OF WARRANTY OR CONTRACT, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF (OR KNOWS OR
	SHOULD KNOW OF) THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND
	LIMITTATIONS OF LIABILITY, BELOW, ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF
	THE BARGAIN BETWEEN LICENSOR AND LICENSEE. LICENSOR WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO
	PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS. LICENSOR'S ENTIRE LIABILITY TO
	LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, IF ANY, FOR ANY CLAIM(S)
	FOR DAMAGES RELATING TO THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE,
	OR OTHERWISE SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF THE LICENSE FEE PAID BY
	LICENSEE FOR THE SOFTWARE WHICH IS THE BASIS OF THE CLAIM(S). EXCEPT AS SET
	FORTH HEREIN, LICENSOR (INCLUDING ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS,
	EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS) SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR THE FITNESS,
	ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SOFTWARE AND FOR ANY AND ALL DAMAGE INCURRED
	WHILE USING THE SOFTWARE. LICENSEE ASSUMES ALL RISKS AS TO THE SUITABILITY OF
	THE SOFTWARE.

9. 	Indemnification

	Licensee hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor, its
	officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents from and against any
	and all losses, claims, costs, damages, liabilities and expenses of any
	nature (including without limitation, attorneys' fees) incurred, arising out
	of or related to or in connection with any breach of Licensee's obligations,
	representations, duties or warranties contained herein.

10.	Export	

	Licensee acknowledges that the Software may be subject to United States
	re-export regulations. Specifically, Licensee agrees and certifies that the
	Software, technical data or information provided by Licensor, or the direct
	product thereof, will not be re-exported except as permitted by United States
	laws and regulations, and the prior written authorization of Licensor.
	Licensee shall be solely responsible for compliance with all laws and
	regulations applicable to export of the Software outside of the United States
	of America pursuant to this Agreement. Licensee shall defend and indemnify
	Licensor against any costs, expenses, fines and other liability for failure
	to so comply, provided that Licensor shall cooperate with all reasonable
	requests from Licensee for information.

11. 	Entire Agreement; Modification

	The terms and conditions herein contained constitute the entire agreement
	between the parties and supersede all previous commitments, agreements, and
	understandings, whether oral or written, between the parties hereto with
	respect to the subject matter hereof and no previous agreement or
	understanding varying or extending the same shall be binding upon any party
	hereto. Immunity reserves the right to modify this agreement for future
	versions of the software.

12.	Severability 

	If a provision herein contained shall be held by any court of competent
	jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be of
	no force or effect while such infirmity shall exist, but such infirmity shall
	have no effect whatsoever upon the binding force or effectiveness of any of
	the other provisions hereof, it being the intention of the parties hereto
	that had they, or either of them, known of such infirmity, they would have
	entered into a contract, each with the other, containing all of the other
	provisions hereof.

13.	Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of New York without giving effect to the conflicts of laws
principles thereof. The parties hereto each hereby irrevocably submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state courts of the State of New York,
New York County, and to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York for the purposes of any suit, action or
other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the subject
matter hereto.

12.	Force Majeure

	In the event of a party failing to perform any obligation under this
	Agreement (except the making of any payment due under or pursuant to this
	Agreement) as a result of strike, lockout or other labor difficulties, fire,
	flood, act of God, embargo, act of war, regulation or restriction of
	government or law or any other occurrence of circumstance beyond the
	reasonable control of the party, that party shall not be liable in damages or
	otherwise for failure to perform that obligation and such failure shall not
	be a ground for terminating this Agreement.

13.	Notices

	Any notice or other communication required or made pursuant to this Agreement
	shall be in writing; shall be given either personally, by receipted mail, or
	by nationally recognized overnight courier (with receipt); and shall be
	deemed duly and properly given if and when mailed by special delivery with
	all charges prepaid, and addressed to the parties at the following addresses
	or to such other address as a party may by like notice designate:

If to Licensor to: 	Immunity, Inc.
	650 West Ave Suite 3103
	Miami Beach, Florida, 33139
	Attention:  David Aitel, President

with a copy to:	
		
Meister Seelig & Fein LLP
140 East 45th Street, 19th Floor
	New York, New York 10017
	Attention:	Debora A. Stegich, Esq.



14.	Counterparts

	This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which
	shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one
	and the same instrument.

15. Authority; Relationship Each party represents and warrants that on this
date they are duly authorized to bind their respective principals by their
agreement. The parties hereto are independent contractors and nothing
contained herein shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, joint
venture or other form of joint enterprise between the parties.

16. Successors and Assigns This Agreement will be binding on the parties'
respective successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement may not be
assigned or sublicensed by Licensee without the prior written consent of
Licensor and provided further, such assignee or sublicensee agrees to accept
and be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

17.	Headings

The headings and subheadings contained in this Agreement are for convenience
of reference only and will not be considered in construing this Agreement.


SCHEDULE A

THE SOFTWARE

Software includes Immunity Software ("Software Products") that is capable of
testing network security. The Software Products are as follows:

Immunity CANVAS



SCHEDULE "B"
Licensee shall pay Licensor the following fees:
I. Software Fee
Software Product			                        Fee
Immunity CANVAS Professional			$1244 per 10 computers with up to 10 users total
CANVAS Professional Updates                          $619  per 10 computers with up to 10 users total

The Software Fee shall be payable as follows: Payment in full payable on the
Effective Date of this Agreement in a one time lump sum payment of the full
amount due.
 
